Early next morning the house was quiet. Suddenly there was a cry from the room next to Roger's, his mother's room. Roger opened his eyes and looked at the clock. It was nearly seven o'clock. He got out of bed and opened the door quietly. At the same time the door of his mother's room opened and Diane came out. Her face was very white.

```
Suddenly there was a cry from the room next to Roger's

与 of的用法很类似
后面放 修饰词
前面放 主语
```



​		'Roger! It's Mother! I brought a cup of coffee for her and I found her dead. She'sdead...dead in her bed,' she cried. Roger went quickly to the door of his mother's room and looked in. The window was open but the room was warm. Molly was on the bed, one hand under her head. Roger went across to the bed and put his hand on her arm. It was cold. On the little table next to the bed was a hot cup of coffee and an empty cup.



'I'm going to call the doctor,' Diane said.
'She's dead,' Roger said slowly. His face, too, was white. 'Mother is dead!'
Diane walked across the room to the door. 'I'm going to phone the doctor,' she said again.





'Wait a minute!' Roger called. 'Let's tell the family first.'
'Family! Nobody loved Mother!' Diane went out and ran down stairs.
Roger slowly went down stairs after her and stood by the telephone.
'Dr Pratt, this is Diane Clarkson. It's my mother—she's dead. Can you come quickly?'





Diane put the phone down. 'It isn't true, Roger! Mother's dead! Daddy died last winter, and now Mother.' Diane began to cry.
'Don't cry, Diane,' Roger said. 'Let's go upstairs and tell Uncle Albert and Jackie.'
'No! Youtell them! Nobody loved Mother. You aren't sorry. Look at you! You want her money. That's all.'
Roger suddenly wanted to hit Diane. 'Be quiet!' he said. 'What about you? You didn't love Mother. You wanted her money, too. Don't forget that!'
'It's true,' Diane said. 'Oh, I can't stay in this house. I'm going out. I'm going to the river with the dogs.'
'No,' Roger said. 'The doctor's coming and I want you here.'
Diane said nothing. She went into the kitchen and at once the dogs got up and cameto her. 'Beautiful dogs! Daddy loved you and Mother loved you. Now I'm going to love you.' She opened the back door and went out with the dogs.
Roger did not move. He stood by the telephone. 'It's true,' he thought. 'I amhappy about the money. I needed money, and now I'm rich. Things are going to be easier for me now. But Mother... why didn't I love her more? And now she's dead.' Slowly, Roger went back upstairs. He wanted to dress before Dr Pratt arrived.