开始时间 14:26 

结束时间 15:41











# THE BRIDGEand Other Love Stories



Love can always find a way, people say. 

```
人们常说，爱总是能找到方法。
```

But the road to love is often difficult. People say the wrong thing, do the wrong thing, can't find the right words, make mistakes, misunderstand each other...

```
但是通往爱情的道路往往是困难的。人们说错话，做错事，找不到合适的词，犯错误，误解对方。
```



In the first story Luke and Gemma talk about a plan for love. But who makes the plan? And who is the plan for? What kind of plan? You can make a plan for a holiday or a train journey or a piece of work, but can you really make a plan for love?

```
在第一个故事中，Luke and Gemma谈到一个爱的计划。
谁制作计划呢
这个计划为了谁呢？
什么种类的计划
但你真的能为爱做一个计划吗？
```



In the second story Sam plans a big surprise at the Sunflower Café for his girlfriend Lucy. Sam makes wonderful cakes, and the surprise is a nice idea. But what does Lucy think about it?

```
第三个故事中sam为他的女朋友在xx地方 计划了一个大惊喜。sam做了一个完美的蛋糕。
这惊奇是一个美好的想法 
但露西怎么看呢？think about it 
```



In the last story Alma returns to her home town after six years away. It is a sad time for her, because she can not forget the story of Nina and Dragan. Nina was Alma's sister, and Nina was in love with a young man called Dragan。

```
was 是过去式
简单式的过去式对吧
那时间呢？具体的时间是什么呢？
Nina was in love with a young man called Dragan
in love with 与xx相爱 这里指的是 a young man called Dragan
was 表示过去 就说明这个事情已经发生了。表示爱这个动作已经发生了。
尼娜爱上了一个叫德拉甘的年轻人
```







Gemma was hungry. Time for lunch, she thought. She went down to the hospital canteen, got some sandwiches and a cup of coffee, and looked for a table. 

```
名词短语 量词 修饰词 中心语 a beautiful young girl
gemma饿了，他想已经到吃中饭了。他下楼到医院的小卖部，
got 购买 

```





But it was one o'clock and the canteen was very busy. There were no free tables. Then, at the long table by the window, she saw a tall man with fair hair. It was her friend Luke, and there was a seat next to him. She walked across to him.

```
at the long table by the window
by的作用 表示位置
在窗边的长桌上
```





'Hi Luke. Can I sit here?' said Gemma







# 复盘

句型变得复杂了。介词变多了。

这样阅读效率非常慢。

这个阅读教材不太适合我。

### 怎么办

1. 需要换教材
2. 需要掌握基本得阅读方法。

这样感受不到乐趣啊！





线索1.

人人都能用英语中描述的，背教材。

2. 英语魔法书





### 找到线索！！！

