It was seven o'clock on Saturday evening. 

Jackie stood at the window. 

```
stood 为 stand的过去式 
在这里stand 为及物动词

```



A car drove slowly up to the front door and stopped. 

```
slowly up to 修饰语
and stopped 修饰语

一辆汽车慢慢地开到前面，停了下来。
```



A tall man with white hair got out. 

```
在这里 with的作用是把 white hair 和 man 联系起来。
got 是get的过去式
```



It was Albert, the husband of Molly's sister.

```
他叫Albert， 是莫利姐姐的丈夫。
```

'Here's Uncle Albert,' Jackie said. 'Always late.'

```
叔叔来了， 他又迟到了。
```



She went out of the room and opened the front door. Albert came in and went at once to Molly.

```
她从房间走出来，打开前门。
艾伯特进来后立即去找莫莉  once to 应该是短语，立即

open也是及物动词，the front door 表示宾语
came in 走进来的意思
```



'Oh, dear. I'm very late. I am sorry,' Albert said. 'Fifty years old today! What a wonderful dress!'

```
what 还可以这样形容。长见识了！
多么漂亮的衣服啊！！
```



Molly did not smile. 'Thank you, Albert. We're all getting older.' Tonight she wore a long black dress, and the two black dogs sat at her feet. 'Everyone is here now. Let's go in to dinner,' she said.

```
did 是什么时态？
getting 现在进行时，older变老。慢慢变老
今晚她穿了一件黑色长裙。
set 就是及物动词。
the two black dogs sat at her feet
s + v + O + O
两条大黑狗 坐 在 她 的 脚上.
```



Everyone stood up and went to the table.

```
所有人站起来，走到餐桌前。
```



'The table looks nice, Jackie. What wonderful flowers!' Diane said. She was a beautiful girl, with long black hair and dark blue eyes. She wore a long red dress.

```

```



Albert sat down next to Roger. Roger was Molly's son, her second child.He lived in Cambridge, in an expensive house.

```
艾伯特在罗杰旁边坐下
```





## 第二部分

Someone called Peter stopped me down the road,' Albert said. 'Who is he? He's very angry with you, Molly.'

```
Someone called Peter stopped me down the road
一个叫做xx的人，在路上叫住了我。
stopped me down 词组 停止，阻止了我。

他是谁？ 他对你非常生气，莫利。
```



'That's Peter Hobbs, from the house across the road,' Jackie said quickly. She looked across the table at Molly. 'He lost his job last weekand he's angry with everyone.'

```
prep. (表示位置)在…对面[另一边]；横在[披在]…上；掠过…；透过
that's 人称代词。

from the house across the road
从马路对面的房子里出来。这里的acroos 是介词，从某处出来。
他看着桌子对面的莫利
```

```
He lost his job last weekand he's angry with everyone

lost 及物动词
这里的句型就是 
s v o o

```



'It's Molly he doesn't like,' Albert said.
Molly said nothing. Everyone began to eat.

```
没人理他。
```



'How is Aunt Annie?' Jackie asked.

```

```



'She's much worse now,' Albert said. 'She stays in bed all the time. She needs a nurse twenty-four hours a day.'
'I am sorry,' Molly said.
Albert stopped eating and looked at Molly. 'It's very difficult and very expensive, you know. 

```
这里 指代的是治疗费用
```



Annie feels very unhappy because you don't visit her, Molly. She loves you very much. You are her little sister, you know.'
Molly closed her eyes for a minute. 'I know that, Albert. I am fifty years old, but I am always her "little" sister. Well, we can talk about it later.'

```

```







### 总结.

花费时间  2个半小时.

处理速度还是太慢了.







### 收获

以阅读的方式,练习 五种基本句型,比看语法书,效果强很多.

有不懂的,我就查.查语法书.

这个方法,在人人都能用英语中提到过.





### 下一个阶段是什么呢?

