### Do you prefer to travel alone or with others?





### I'm not interested, but thank you for calling



### The café has a long menu of about 50 items





### What's that noise?





### Water is essential for living things

essential 形容词

水对于生命是不可或缺的







### Hector is responsible for the annual company review.







### He was named after his father

它以他父亲的名字命名





### The international conference on family planning starts this week





### What material is your dress made of?



### We are hoping to find a suitable place ?





### He is a former student of mine



### Hector is responsible for the annual company review









### Are you sure the car is working properly?



### Are you sure the car is working properly?

ing表现在进行时，这里表示 车现在是否能正常运行





### Come for dinner tomorrow evening!

明天过来吃晚饭

这里的for 晚上到什么地方来





### Why are the children in this class always fighting?



为什么这班上的孩子老打架？





### He is starting his new job tomorrow



### You can't bring a gun on a plane



### These people need better housing





### personally, I prefer pizza to burgers





### We are about to reach our destination



### What time will we go to the theatre tonight?



### He has never been to the western part of the state



### Where there's smoke, there's fire



### I only have £50 in my bank account.





### London is the capital of the UK



### You're simply wonderful in every way

simply 副词

你简直是完美无缺



### There are only girls at school today

今天学校只有女生



### There are sixty seconds in a minute

