**103 Bits of Advice I Wish I (Had Known**) 连读



By Kevin Kelly



Today is my birthday. I turn 70. I’ve learned a few things so far/ that might be helpful to others. For the past few years, I’ve jotted down bits of unsolicited advice each year/ and much to my surprise// I have more to add this year. So here is my birthday gift to you all: 103 bits of wisdom I wish I had known when I was young.



• About 99% of the time, the right time is right now.



• Dont ever work for someone you dont want to become.

• When you forgive others, they may not notice, but you will heal. Forgiveness //is not something we do for others; it is a gift// to ourselves.



• Three things you need: The ability to not give up something till it works, the ability to give up something// that does not work, and the trust in other people //to help you distinguish// between the two.

• （There is） no such thing as being “on time.” You are either late// or you are early. Your choice.





## 

## 2. The Brain and the Heart



(Our Need) for Attention, the Desire for Connection // and the Ongoing Work of Being Human // in an Age of Distraction

```
dɪˈzaɪə(r）

```



By Jonah Hall



Imagine walking into a cemetery //  and finding a headstone with the following words engraved in it:

```
/inˈɡreivd/
```





*“I should have spent more time following the every move of my favorite celebrity. No reception down here.”*

```
 celebrity   /səˈlebrəti/
 reception   /rɪˈsepʃn/
```



Celebrity obsession has existed for as long as the entertainment industry has existed. No, that’s not right. For as long as humans have existed. In the smallest group of Neanderthals, there were celebrities. They swung the biggest clubs. They were the most beautiful.

```
obsession  /əbˈseʃn/
industry   /ˈɪndəstri/ 
```



We are designed to want attention, but it often becomes an overwhelming and deflating drug. 

```
deflate   /dɪˈfleɪt/

```



Maybe there’s an impending backlash coming, but it seems likely that the majority of today’s younger people in technology-driven societies will equate online influence and engagement with some significant amount of self-worth. Not all kids growing up now. But most.

```
majority /məˈdʒɒrəti/
society /səˈsaɪəti/
equate /iˈkweɪt/
influence /ˈɪnfluəns/
engagement /ɪnˈgeɪdʒmənt/
significant /sɪgˈ nɪfɪkənt/
```



Viral videos. YouTube kid stars opening toys. Look at me! Look at what you don’t have and what I have! Teens scanning obsessively through their “likes.” It didn’t happen if there’s no picture or video. I need evidence I exist. It’s been three minutes since I texted and no reply!



With billions searching for more, we are gradually learning about the toxicity of social media on teens. We have a deeper sense of the addictive nature of the algorithms and apps. We talk about limiting screen time for children, but too often rely on it for our own decompression. We are designed to want attention, but we have collectively been giving too much of our attention away, leaving us with a sense of disconnection, a decreasing ability to listen deeply or read and think critically.





