## 朗读练习 

**2 Questions to Deepen Learning from Life**

```
从生活中深化学习的两个问题
```

By Leo Babauta

We usually dislik challenging situations, 

```
我们经常不喜欢具有挑战性的情况
```



conflict with others, 

```
这涉及 with这个介词。

```

struggle with our work or habits. Struggle sucks!

```
挣扎与我们的工作或习惯中，挣扎很糟糕
```



But what if it were a part of the training of life?

```
他想提醒你。
一部分  生活中  训练
```



What if every conflict, failure, difficulty, hard emotion … 

```
如果每一次冲突、失败、困难、艰难的情绪
这些都是形容词 。修饰 emotion
```



were exactly the lesson we needed to learn? 

```
这正是我们需要学习的确切教训？
```



What if every challenging person and situation were our teacher?



Every day, ask yourself two simple questions:



1. What was my biggest challenge today?
2. What lesson was I supposed to learn from that?



Reflect on that. Jot it down, and internalize the lesson. Commit to practicing it.



Then thank your teacher









## **The Habit Dip**

This dip is something everyone faces when changing habits: 

```
1. something 某物，某事(指事物、情况、事件、想法等)
2. changing habits 改变恶习
```



we lose motivation, we get discouraged, we encounter difficulty, we lose focus because other things get in the way, we get sidetracked by life.



The dip is completely normal and even predictable when you’re changing an old habit or forming a new one. 

In fact, anytime you take on a project or goal, you will face this kind of dip.



That’s the bad news — you’ll always hit a dip in motivation, focus, energy.



But there’s good news too:



1. The dip is temporary, if you keep going through it; and
2. The dip is an incredible place of learning



The last point is so important I need to repeat it: **the dip is an incredible place of learning.**



It’s the place where we learn and grow, and get better at facing difficulty.



When things are going well, everything seems easy, and you just have to keep doing the same thing. There isn’t a lot of learning there.



But when things are hard, you have to face the difficulty if you want to keep going, if you want to avoid going to your usual pattern of discouraging yourself or quitting.



**The dip is where the most learning can be found.**



## 时间花销

一个半小时。还是跟以往的情况一样。





## 记录 总结

读的时间太少了。朗读当然是以读为主。

不是为了学习语法知识，句子读不懂，给我造成了很大的挫败感。这说明，朗读材料太难了。

两种情况。

1. 自己重新找。
2. 不再话太多的时间，查语法。比如一个小时内，只花10分钟，其他的时间，用来读。







