**There’s no place like home**



By Derek Sivers



In Guilin China, studying Mandarin, my girlfriend says, “We are SO //  far (from home)!”

```
在中国桂林，学习普通话时，我的女朋友说："我们离家太远了！"
```

Seems to be an obvious statement, so I was surprised I disagreed.

**obvious** /ˈɒbviəs

```
似乎是一个明显的声明，所以我很惊讶我不同意
```



Why (didn’t i)  feel  // far from home? It took （me a） while to realize:

```
为什么（我）觉得//离家很远？我花了很长时间 才意识到
```



No one place feels like home. **Home**// is wherever I’m sleeping (that night).

 ```
 没有一个地方感觉像家。家//是我那晚睡觉的地方.
 ```



When people ask where I’m from, I don’t know how to answer. I’m not really from any one place.

```
当人们问我来自哪里时，我不知道该如何回答。我不是真的来自任何一个地方
```



Though I was （born in） California, we moved to England  // when I was 5. Then Chicago, and I’ve been moving around ever since. Boston, New York City, Woodstock, Portland, Santa Monica, London, Seattle.

```
虽然我出生在加利福尼亚，但在我5岁的时候，我们搬到了英国。 然后是芝加哥，从那时起我就一直在四处搬家。波士顿、纽约市、伍德斯托克、波特兰、圣莫尼卡、伦敦、西雅图.
```



No one place got my allegiance. They’re all home.

**allegiance** /əˈli:dʒəns/

```
没有一个地方得到我的效忠。他们都是家
```



I’m officially an “Overseas Citizen of India”. Currently a legal resident of Singapore, New Zealand, and Belgium. Now where is home, again?

 /əˈfɪʃəli/   /ˈkʌrəntli/   /ˈli:gl/   /ˈrezɪdənt/  



```
我是一名正式的 "印度海外公民"。目前是新加坡、新西兰和比利时的合法居民。现在，家在哪里，又是哪里？
```



Someone once asked what I’m running from. When you sit in kitchen, are you running from your living room? They’re all just rooms in your house. You sit in them at different times for different needs.

```
有人曾问我在逃避什么。当你坐在厨房里的时候，你是在逃避你的客厅吗？
它们都只是你房子里的房间。你在不同的时间为不同的需要坐在它们里面。 
```



Imagine living a few years each in Melbourne, Reykjavík, Panama, Vienna, Cambridge, Kyoto, Kerala, Curitiba, and Jerusalem. Long enough so that each place feels like home. Eventually you can spin the globe, and feel connected to all parts.

```
想象一下，在墨尔本、雷克雅未克、巴拿马、维也纳、剑桥、京都、喀拉拉、库里提巴和耶路撒冷各生活几年。足够长的时间，使每个地方都有家的感觉。最终，你可以旋转地球，并感到与所有地方都有联系
```



Maybe this background  //   keeps me from getting too attached   //to any one mindset.

```
keeps me from getting  使我不至于
也许这种背景使我不至于对任何一种心态过于依恋
```



Any time you move to a new place, you learn some new things and unlearn some others. It keeps you from feeling you’re right and others are wrong. It keeps the brain in constant circulation.



No one place feels like home.
