## 朗读训练

One of the most common problems when people are working //  is that they get (caught up) in busywork or distractions, and it can take hours before they find their way back (to their) meaningful work.

```
人们在工作时最常见的问题之一,是他们陷入繁忙的工作或分心，可能要花几个小时才能找到回到有意义的工作的方法。
```

Part of that is procrastination, of course, //but a lot of times it’s just falling down a rabbit hole of distraction, getting caught up in things, and forgetting your focus .

I created a small ritual to address this problem: I call it a “Reset Ritual.”

```
call it a 连读
当然，这其中有一部分是拖延症，但很多时候只是掉进了分心的兔子洞，被事情缠住，忘记了自己的重点。
我创造了一个小仪式来解决这个问题：我称之为 "重置仪式".
```



Here’s how it works:

```
it 被省略了。
以下是它的工作原理。
```



1. （Set a reminder) to (go off) in 30 minutes, and focus on something important.

```
设置一个30分钟后响起的提醒，并将注意力集中在重要的事情上。
```



1. When the reminder goes off, （if you’re） not in the middle of focusing on that important task … take a break.

```

```



1. 上升调Get up, get a drink of water, and do some kind of movement. (I like to) squat on the ground, stretch, do some yoga poses. Any kind of movement for a few minutes is good.

```
你会发现 这些介词都被连读省略了。
```



1. Then take (some slow) deep breaths// into the belly. (Let this) (calm you) and (help you) return to focus.

```
当提醒响起时，如果你不是在专注于那个重要的任务......就休息一下。
```



1. Finally, ask yourself what you want to focus on next. Repeat the steps.

```
最后，问自己下一步想关注什么。重复这些步骤。
```



This kind of ritual is simple // but it incorporates movement (and breath), and   (asks you)    to (check in on) what’s important, throughout the day. This (allows us)  to reset // when we inevitably // get pulled away.

```
这种仪式很简单，但它结合了运动和呼吸，并要求你在一天中检查什么是重要的。当我们不可避免地被拉走时，这使我们能够重置。
```



What would you like (your 上升) version of a Reset Ritual to be? (Try it out) today and let me know how it goes for you.

```
你希望你的重置仪式是什么？今天就试试吧，让我知道你的情况。
```



````
像这种介词都会省略掉。
````



